README.md, before:

# Automating Assessment Community Working Group
Welcome to the Automating Assessment Community Working Group! Please refer to the [Working Group Plan](./plan.md) for information about the goals and primary audience of the working group.

The community mediator will host a biweekly 30 minute town hall on Wednesdays at 1:00 PM ET on Zoom for managed discussion, updates, and Q&A, starting on on **Wednesday, April 2nd**. 

[REGISTER HERE](https://gsa.zoomgov.com/meeting/register/FpW3sJuBRxag_1Mz49J0Cw) for the **recurring** automating assessment townhall meeting series. 




## Meeting Recordings

Recordings for the town hall meetings can be found below. The links to the recordings may be posted a business day or two after the meeting occurred. 

| Meeting Date | Meeting Slide Deck | Youtube Link | Duration |
|--------------|--------------------|--------------|----------|
| 4/2/2025     | [Kickoff Slide Deck](./townhall-slidedecks/4-2-2025-townhall-kickoff-slides.pptx) | [Youtube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cNDX_1Q-uA)  | 22:44 |
| 4/16/2025    | [Townhall Slide Deck](./townhall-slidedecks/4-16-2025-townhall-slides.pptx) | [Youtube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtSMAOtplQM) | 29:05 |
| 4/30/2025    | [Townhall Slide Deck](./townhall-slidedecks/4-30-2025-townhall-slides.pptx) | [Youtube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIRoPUykBRo) | 51:13 |
| 5/14/2025 | [Townhall Slide Deck](./townhall-slidedecks/5-14-2025-townhall-slides.pptx) | [Youtube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrY5R7VpoY8) | 21:52 |
| 5/28/2025 | [Townhall Slide Deck](./townhall-slidedecks/5-28-2025-townhall-slides.pptx) | [Youtube Link](https://youtu.be/7PFkec8OskM) | 25:56 |

Commit message:

Update README with archive notice for AA CWG repo

README.md, after:

# Automating Assessment Community Working Group Archive

Welcome to the archived repository and discussion forum for the Automating Assessment Community Working Group! FedRAMP no longer maintains this repository. The PMO consolidated all community working groups into a new repository and forum, [github.com/FedRAMP/community](https://github.com/FedRAMP/community/discussions/). You can find more information about this change at the [fedramp.gov/community](https://fedramp.gov/community) page.

## Meeting Recordings

To quickly access the most recent meeting recordings, click a YouTube link for a specific recording or open this group's playlist on YouTube [with this link](https://www.youtube.com/c/FedRAMP).

| Meeting Date | Meeting Slide Deck | Youtube Link | Duration |
|--------------|--------------------|--------------|----------|
| 4/2/2025     | [Kickoff Slide Deck](./townhall-slidedecks/4-2-2025-townhall-kickoff-slides.pptx) | [Youtube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cNDX_1Q-uA)  | 22:44 |
| 4/16/2025    | [Townhall Slide Deck](./townhall-slidedecks/4-16-2025-townhall-slides.pptx) | [Youtube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtSMAOtplQM) | 29:05 |
| 4/30/2025    | [Townhall Slide Deck](./townhall-slidedecks/4-30-2025-townhall-slides.pptx) | [Youtube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIRoPUykBRo) | 51:13 |
| 5/14/2025 | [Townhall Slide Deck](./townhall-slidedecks/5-14-2025-townhall-slides.pptx) | [Youtube Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrY5R7VpoY8) | 21:52 |
| 5/28/2025 | [Townhall Slide Deck](./townhall-slidedecks/5-28-2025-townhall-slides.pptx) | [Youtube Link](https://youtu.be/7PFkec8OskM) | 25:56 |
